>> Positioned between Taurus and
Canis Major is one of the most
anomalous constellations in our
galactic neighborhood, Orion,
referred to by the ancients
as the Heavenly Shepherd
and the Hunter is one of the
most predominant fixtures
in the night sky from
January to March.
Because Orion does not lay
on Earth's ecliptic plane,
this star cluster is
not one of Earth's 12
Zodiac constellations.
But throughout
ancient history, Orion
appears to have been
diligently studied, worshipped,
and tracked.
This mysterious
cluster is the center
of tales around time portals
and stargate technologies.
Many of these legends also
state that Orion was home
to several of history's
most influential gods.
As our archeological
record continues to expand
and satellite imagery
becomes sharper,
the evidence is mounting that
Orion left a strong imprint
on our ancient ancestors.
What other secrets does this
mysterious constellation
hold to help alternative
researchers piece together
an interconnected ancient
civilization aligned
with the power and
wisdom from Orion.
>> Throughout the world, there
is one constellation above all
that has captured the
fascination of humanity.
And that, of course, is Orion.
Children are taught
from the time
that they can look into the
starry sky to identify Orion.
>> Orion is one of the most
familiar constellations
of the southern sky.
It is seen as a mighty one,
a giant, a warrior, a hunter.
>> Orion is a figure who has
a presence in history in many
different mythologies.
We can look all the way back to
the Sumerian tales of Gilgamesh.
And he's referred to there
as the light of heaven.
And in the tale,
he's often the hunter
who's pitted against the bull.
>> Arabian traditions have
Orion as like a giant figure,
but we have the Greeks and
the Romans who saw Orion
as a hunter.
And so we have these
different depictions,
but usually, they saw Orion as
a very important godlike figure.
>> One of the oldest
traditions that we have,
and certainly written down, and
it comes from the book of Enuma
Ur Anu, who everybody
knows as Enoch.
But that's not his
real name, obviously.
So he was one of the Anu,
the people of the sky god.
And the Anunnaki are very
interesting because they
originally came from
the Armenian Highlands.
In their tradition, Orion is
Ara, not just a metaphoric place
in the sky, a specific place
where everything comes from,
where knowledge,
where gods come from.
So the Anunnaki were intimately
associated with the Ara,
the constellation Ara, Orion.
And they came from that
location a long, long time ago.
And they're the ones that were
the progenitors of the Sumerian
culture.
And that's why
it's so important.
That's why it's so hard wired
in Armenian tradition today.
And the people are
very proud of it.
They actually call themselves
the offspring of Orion
to this very day.
>> In 1979, in a
cave in Germany,
archeologists found a
tiny sliver of ivory.
And depicted on it was a man
that the archeologist identified
as could be a star man,
could be a half human being.
But this figure has also been
identified as the constellation
Orion.
The figure is in exactly
the same as Orion,
especially with the slim waist
that represents the three belt
stars.
The thing is that this
image is 32,000 years old,
32,000 to 38,000 years old, and
is considered one of the very
first images ever created
of a man of a human being.
And that's
fascinating because it
suggests Orion is a place that
we want to ultimately strive
to get to.
But this identification
of this work of art
suggests that perhaps Orion is
the place we came from as well.
And that this artist is being
taught this by some otherworldly
being, probably from Orion to
say, this is where you're from.
>> In the mid 1990s, alternative
Egyptology began growing rapidly
with the publication of the
book The Orion Mystery by Robert
Bauval and Adrian Gilbert.
This research proposed that the
pyramids on the Giza Plateau
were in alignment with the
three belt stars of Orion.
This powerful insight inspired
alternative researchers
to look deeper into the
alignment and configuration
of the Giza Plateau and other
ancient sites around the world
that mirror the ancient sky.
>> Robert Bauval's work,
especially concerning the Orion
correlation theory, was
absolutely revolutionary.
Dr. J. J. Hurtak had
previously identified or made
the connection between
the Giza Plateau
and the three belt
stars of Orion
in his book The Keys of Enoch.
But it was really Robert
Bauval who put teeth to it.
He dug so deep into
the Egyptian mysteries
and made, virtually, an
incontrovertible case
that the Giza
Plateau was designed
based on a uniform
or a unified plan,
where from the very
beginning, the builders
intended to mirror the
belt stars of Orion
on the Giza Plateau.
>> Indeed, I believe that the
process of science begins with
observing something
that doesn't fit.
I mean, it's an
anomaly, but if you
stop investigating because
you are pressurized
by peers or by your
own bias, then you're
not being a scientist.
>> I knew Robert
Bauval personally.
He's a brilliant researcher.
He's a very honest and
integral personality.
And of course, he
influenced a lot of people,
including a few
archeologists, where
archeology,
generally, they think
it has another explanation.
It has nothing to
do with the stars.
Everything evolved
from evolution.
But slowly, slowly, the
spirit of time will change.
And slowly, slowly, even
the archeological community
comes to the idea,
yes, there must have
been an influence from outside.
>> What's interesting about
it is that if you approach it
through the lines of
rational thinking,
you will butt against a border.
You can only take it that far.
And that's interesting
to me because it
forces you to consider
another way of thinking,
a thinking that a lot of us,
certainly myself, because I came
from this engineering
background,
has difficulty or had
difficulty in considering,
which is metaphysical
thinking-- to enter
another way of thinking.
There is no way, in
my opinion, that we'll
understand the past if we keep
insisting that we can explain it
through rationalistic means.
We need to think in another way.
>> Bauval and Gilbert's work
opened up a can of worms
in terms of historical
traditions because I think they
channeled something about
traditional cultures.
They picked up something
that everybody knew about,
but no one really
talked about because it
wasn't accepted in the
mainstream academic terms.
But if you ask that in Tonga,
if you ask of that in the Hopi
tradition, if you
ask that in Japan,
in India, in Britain as well,
the locals would say, well,
absolutely, because any time
you build any amount of temples
on the land, they have to be a
mirror image of what reflects
in the sky because that's
where we came from originally,
they said.
So they opened up
this conversation.
And by opening up
the conversation,
it starts to question
the traditions
that we've been handed.
>> Robert Bauval, through his
work in the Orion mystery,
gave us the key to a deeper
understanding of our ancestors
relationship to the stars
as they saw it in their time
and the window to give us
deeper understandings in ours.
This opened the door
to the possibility
that other sites,
other archeological
sites may in fact
be earthly mirrors
to their celestial counterparts.
And as the studies
continue, what we're finding
is this is true.
>> That book struck a chord.
It struck a chord within
me because it opened
up two very important ideas.
One, the Orion
correlation theory.
And two, that the entire
ancient Egyptian mythological
and religious tradition
was based on the idea
that the pyramid was a
portal or gateway to Orion.
>> From a scientific standpoint,
we do know that the Milky Way
galaxy, at one point in time,
actually came out of Orion.
So it's a sister galaxy
that we are connected with.
And that connection may prove
to be much more significant
than people realize.
>> When we look at this Orion
constellation and dig deeper
from an astrophysics
point of view,
we see a lot of the
creation elements.
In fact, possibly the
creation of our solar system
has its origin into Orion.
And that's why it's very
important to study it.
>> When we see the
Orion constellation,
we can't help but notice that
it forms a unique X shape,
an X shape that is very similar
to the Greek letter of Chi,
also known as Chy or Chi.
And when we look to other
traditions around the world,
they tell us that Orion is a
portal for the soul's journey,
either for the
soul to return home
or for the soul to
reach an ascended state,
like a light body.
Now, when we go back
to this Chi letter,
could that tell us
that Orion is the key
to unlocking the
soul's journey, the key
to unlocking the evolution of
the soul that all of humanity
needs to tap into.
>> Because we came from there,
we are forever linked with it,
just on a quantum level.
And it could be some of the
structures that are built here
on this planet are meant to be
portals or gateways to get us
there stargates.
And in fact, this is even
mentioned several times
on the temples themselves.
If you go to Egypt, there
are multiple temples that
are referred to as stargates.
And they seem to be
pointing to Orion.
>> Orion is located in one
of two areas of the sky,
where the sun crosses
the Milky Way.
On one side of the sky, it's in
the area of Orion, the Pleiades,
and Taurus.
And on the other
side of the sky,
it is in the area of
Sagittarius and Scorpius.
And these two points
in the sky are
considered to be like sky gates
or gateways into the sky world.
And the superhighway,
if you like, of the sky
is the Milky Way.
So the point of entry
is seen as Orion.
And this is one
of the reasons why
we find Orion as so
important to the mythologies,
the cosmologies, and the
positioning of ancient sites
all over the world.
>> As alternative, researchers
exposed more aerial photos from
China, another possible
Orion imprint near the center
of the country was discovered.
>> In Xi'an in China, we have
a complex of 16 pyramids with
the three main pyramids
or trapezoidal mounds also
in alignment with Orion.
>> These three trapezoidal
structures are very interesting
because researchers have told
us that these are most likely
burial mounds.
Which leads us to
wonder, is there
a connection between
these burial mounds
being aligned with the belt
stars of Orion and the death
process?
Because when we look at other
cultures around the world,
we do see a cosmic connection
to the soul's journey,
transcending from the earthly
realms into the cosmic realms.
And could that be what these
structures were used for,
as a means, like a portal,
or some sort of a connection
between the earthly
plane, and the cosmic,
and the ethereal realms by way
of the constellation of Orion?
>> We see the Orion correlation
appearing literally all over
the world, from Xi'an, China
and the pyramids there,
to the pyramids in Giza plateau,
and then the pyramids also
in Teotihuacan, in Mexico.
At Teotihuacan, on
the pyramid plateau,
we see the famous
Walk of the Dead.
And there, we have
the Pyramid of the Sun
in the center, the Pyramid
of the Moon at the end.
And then we also have the
pyramid to Quetzalcoatl.
When we notice, across
this entire plateau,
the proportions are perfectly
matching the same proportions
that we see on the Giza Plateau.
In fact, the base length
of the Pyramid of the Sun
is 756 feet, which is a perfect
match to the base length
of the Great Pyramid of Giza.
Additionally, we see that the
height of the Pyramid of the sun
is 216 feet, which is a
perfect match to the smallest
pyramid on the Giza
Plateau, Menkaure Pyramid.
And we also notice that the
height of the Great Pyramid
of 481 is embedded and encrypted
into the design of the base
length of the
Pyramid of the Moon.
So here we have three
perfect measurements
that are matching
exactly what we
find related to harmonic
relationships between the Giza
Plateau, where there
is a clear Orion's belt
correlation and the
Teotihuacan plateau, which
also mirrors the same
connection and correlation.
>> This could be
coincidence, or more likely,
it points to this understanding
of what the ancient Egyptians
had a clear vision of this
adage, this hermetic adage--
as above, so below,
as within, so without.
They equated their civilization
with this star civilization
and believed they could
bring heaven to earth.
And of course, this then gets
translated into Christianity
in the Lord's Prayer, on
earth as it is in heaven.
This is a concept that's
fundamental to these ancient
civilizations, that when they're
looking out into the star
fields of Orion, they're
looking at, not just home,
but the possibility
or the probability,
the availability of
bringing that star energy
to our earthly home as well.
>> The three pyramids on the
Giza Plateau, Teotihuacan,
and ancient China are all
aligned with Orion's belt.
Coincidentally enough, if you
were to lay these out on a flat
surface instead of
a global surface,
you'll actually find that these
three sites are all aligned with
Orion's belt as well.
>> Pyramids worldwide, it
doesn't matter where they are.
It could be a mound in England.
It could be the Giza Plateau.
They are always sited
above emergence points
of Earth energy.
Now, when this energy
comes out of the ground,
it's very cobra-like.
And that's literally in
alignment to those stars above.
So I think it's the
birthing place of leys.
It's the birthing place of earth
energies at these emergence
points.
And they mirror Orion.
So it's not just the skies
above, it's the earth below.
And when those two come
together, you have a portal.
>> When you pull back
from a satellite view,
whether you're looking
at China, Mexico, Giza,
you're seeing the same idea
expressed in their monuments.
You're seeing this idea that
we can build a portal to Orion.
We can grab hold of Orion's
belt and pull ourselves
into the stars.
>> The Western side of South
America has long been known
for its pre-Diluvian relics,
containing strong connections
with the ancient sky.
But a closer look at the
eastern coastline of Brazil
reveals another potential Orion
clue from our ancient ancestors.
>> The island of
Florianopolis in Brazil,
also known as Magic Island, is
a very special place indeed.
It has been widely
rumored to have
been the place of many
vortices, energetic centers,
and strange phenomena that
could not be explained.
One of the things
that stood out to me
was that there were
three megalithic sites.
The first is known
as the Dragon Head.
The second is known as
Indian Stone and the third
is known as Dolmen.
And it sits high
upon a mountaintop.
The mountaintop looks down
on a beautiful ocean vista.
Right at the peak
of this mountain,
we find an entire
constellation set in stone.
These large megalithic
stone blocks
that have been placed
exactly in the formation
of the entire Orion
constellation.
Why would there be a
Stonehenge style megalithic
site for Orion constellation
in Florianopolis or Magic
Island in Brazil?
That's why I started
to think, maybe
there is a larger structure
that represents the three belt
stars of Orion as well.
And I noticed that
each one seemed
to be about a kilometer in
distance from the other.
And it was not forming a
straight line, but rather
somewhat of a broken line.
The Dolmen connected to
the Indian Stone connected
to the Dragon Head,
was forming exactly
the exact same formation of
the three belt stars of Orion.
>> One of the biggest
connections to Orion is
in Japan, of all places.
And it goes back to a time
when Japan is lifted out
of the waters of the flood,
becomes an island in the south.
And these gods arrived
in the middle of nowhere.
They deposit their wisdom.
And they create the
most ubiquitous shape
in Japan, which is the Torii
arch, that wonderful gateway
painted in cinnabar red, with
a wonderful cross member.
And it's said that the
cross member represents
the belt stars of Orion.
So when you're actually going
to a sacred space in Japan,
you're walking
through that gateway
into the garden of the gods.
But here's a fun
part, the Japanese
are very serious about that
section where you and I walk
through because they said that
is the heart of the sky, that
is meant to be the place from
where civilization, knowledge,
where the sages came from,
and ostensibly, at one point,
where humans also emerged from.
And it turns out that the
place where you and I walk
through the arch happens
to coincide with the Nebula
M42, which NASA now knows to
be the most star forming region
in the whole of the galaxy.
So they're saying, essentially,
in this story that Orion
is a point of creation.
This is where everything comes
from-- gods, knowledge, sages,
all the accouterments
of civilization.
>> The Egyptians saw Orion from
a deeply spiritual perspective.
They associated
the constellation
with resurrection, with
life, with rebirth.
The hieroglyphs in the
temple walls and the texts
take us beyond the verbal
traditions, the oral traditions
of our ancestors and helping
us to understand a deeper sense
of our relationship to Orion.
They say that it is in the
Nebula, which is actually
found in the sword below
the belt, that souls arise,
that our souls originate
from this place.
And this may give us an insight
into why, almost universally,
throughout our
history, those who
have come before us felt such
a deep connection to this one
particular star system,
above all others.
>> According to old
Egyptian knowledge,
Osiris is the same thing as
Orion because he told that he
was coming from Orion.
The people asked him,
where do you come from?
He was a teacher.
He teached humans in
different belonging.
And of course, they asked
him, where do you come from?
And he pointed to Orion.
He said, that's my home.
That's where I come from.
>> The pharaohs believed
that when a pharaoh died,
he would actually join
the constellation of Orion
and become one of the stars
of that constellation.
What's fascinating, from
an astronomical perspective
about Orion, is that
there's the Orion
Nebula contained within it.
And the Orion Nebula is
the most prolific generator
of new star formation.
So new stars are born within
the Orion Nebula all the time.
So it's fascinating
to see that there
was this idea of the
kings, the pharaohs,
becoming new stars that joined
the Orion Nebula or the Orion
constellation.
>> This Orion Nebula is exactly
the same place that features
in the Native American path
of souls death journey.
There, the souls
of the deceased,
but also those of the shaman,
would make a leap of faith
to the Orion Nebula.
And this would allow them
access onto the Milky Way.
>> So we have this
world tradition.
No matter where
you go, Orion seems
to be the center of
culture, civilization,
where people came from,
where the gods came from.
And so this is why it's
so ubiquitous to us,
in every single time, that
we go out in the landscape.
And we take a look up
at the sky and go, yeah,
that seems familiar.
>> Our destiny is
to return there.
Some traditions
have alluded to it
as after death, that we have
to go through that gate.
But others have suggested that
in our destiny, into the stars,
if we go there, we will find--
we'll find home, where
we originally came from.
>> If Orion played a
part in Earth's origins,
how many other species and
planets may have been under
the influence of this
powerful constellation?
>> Orion is a massive
constellation.
The closest star is Betelgeuse,
at 640 light years away.
The furthest star is Alnitak,
which is over 1,200 light years
away.
Even the Orion Nebula is
found in the center star
of Orion's sword is over
1,500 light years away.
It may be home to
hundreds, if not
thousands of individual
civilizations
that would have had
various sorts of influence
all across the galaxy.
And some of them would have
made their way to earth.
Now, when we look to the work of
Manuel Emeri and Alex Collier,
we get some insight to the
hunter nature of Orion.
Eons ago, humanoid beings
from the constellation of Lyra
started to expand and
explore the galaxy.
And it wasn't long before
they encountered the Draco.
And in Orion, the Draco formed
the Orion Council as a means
to pursue and hunt
down the fleeing Lyran
people across the galaxy.
One of the places they
would have stopped
is the Pleiades,
making it their home.
They even came to Earth.
And this may be where we get
the notion of Orion, the Hunter,
chasing the Pleiades, as we see
in ancient Greek, in Australian,
and Native American
lore that Orion
is the great hunter, chasing the
Seven Sisters across the night
sky.
Could that be reflective
of the Orion Council
chasing down humanoid
beings across the Galaxy?
>> Another reference to
beings from Orion can be found
in The Law of One.
In the early 1980s, L/L research
began recording question
and answer sessions with a
non-physical entity by the name
of Ra.
And Carla L. Rueckert
was the channel.
These profound sessions
featured insights
about the nature and
purpose of this group.
>> When we look to The
Law of One material,
Ra tells us about
the Orion group,
which is a manipulative
group service to self.
They are willing to do whatever
it takes for their own benefit.
When we look to
ancient depictions
of the influence of
Orion, we see a lot more
of a beneficial, like
a service to others
influence across
the ancient world,
where they were helping
to build these cultures.
That they were helping to teach
mathematics, and sciences,
and the architecture that helped
construct those civilizations.
So no matter what, this
influence benefited
those civilizations,
helping them to evolve,
helping them to grow and to
become the people we are today.
>> When I think of groups from
Orion, I'm thinking immediately,
of course, of the Osiris line in
ancient Egypt that then carried
over into Christianity.
And in both cases, the
business, if you will,
of a group from
Orion, it is the same.
It's about resurrection.
It's about somehow
bringing earth, and soul,
our solar system, on line
into the Orion system.
>> Indigenous cultures
spoke about the origin
of civilization, of where
their wisdom comes from,
the fact that their first
fathers of their culture comes
from.
They're always
adamant about Orion
as being the source of this.
Why would they make this up?
What reason would they have to
make up such a fanciful thing,
unless it was true that there
was a direct experience.
And that experience
was extremely
beneficial because
back in the day,
we didn't care about consumer
goods or cell phones.
It was about the connection
to the landscape.
And if you maintain that
connection, and someone helped
maintain that connection,
and showed you a better
way to survive, then that gets
hardwired and physicalized
into the culture.
>> As soon as you have the
idea of extraterrestrials,
automatically, you come
to the question, well,
extraterrestrials,
where are they now?
Where did they come from?
Why?
And especially,
will they return?
Now, do I have to be
afraid of their return?
And of course, we
have to be joyful.
They want that we learn.
We are part of a family--
of family out there
in the universe.
The universe is full of life.
>> As more relics are uncovered
throughout the planet,
what other imprints from Orion
will be discovered to help
and guide humanity to reunite
with our galactic neighbors
and our ancient ancestors?
>> The legacy that our
ancestors left for us from
their perspective of
Orion, it's ancient.
It's not obsolete.
We are now just on the verge of
making discoveries that give us
deep insights into who we
are, our past, our origin,
our history, and most
importantly, our potential.
As the new technology allows
us to peer deeper into space,
into the portals of
Orion, we open the door
to the possibility of
even deeper understandings
into our own history, our own
nature, and perhaps insights
into our future.